[TASK] Add example for page title providers (#2577)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Seo/PageTitleApi.rst

correct page title, you have to create your own page title provider. It is
quite easy to create one.

> Example: Set the page title from your extensions controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: Set the page title from your extension's controller
```

correct page title, you have to create your own page title provider. It is
quite easy to create one.

Example: Set the page title from your extension's controller
-----------------------------------------------------------

First, create a PHP class in your extension that implements the
:php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Core\PageTitle\PageTitleProviderInterface`, for example by
extending :php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Core\PageTitle\AbstractPageTitleProvider`.  Within
this method you can create your own logic to define the correct title.

..  literalinclude:: _ExampleSetInController/_MyOwnPageTitleProvider.php
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/Classes/PageTitle/MyOwnPageTitleProvider.php

Usage example in an :ref:`Extbase <extbase>` controller:

..  literalinclude:: _ExampleSetInController/_SomeController.php
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/Classes/Controller/SomeController.php

Configure the new page title provider in your TypoScript setup:

..  literalinclude:: _ExampleSetInController/_setup.typoscript

>     :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/TypoScript/setup.typoscript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :language: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/TypoScript/setup.typoscript
```

example the site title, you can implement a page title provider as follows:

..  literalinclude:: _ExampleWebsiteTitle/_WebsiteTitleProvider.php
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Classes/PageTitle/WebsiteTitleProvider.php

As we need to :ref:`inject <DependencyInjection>` the class :php:`SiteFinder`
to retrieve the current site configuration, we must make the new page title
provider public:

..  literalinclude:: _ExampleWebsiteTitle/_Services.yaml
    :language: yaml
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/Services.yaml

Then **flush the cache** in :guilabel:`Admin Tools > Maintenance > Flush TYPO3
and PHP Cache`.

Configure the new page title provider to be used in your TypoScript setup:

..  literalinclude:: _ExampleWebsiteTitle/_setup.typoscript
    :language: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/TypoScript/setup.typoscript

The registered page title providers are called after each other in the
configured order. The first provider that returns a non-empty value is used,
the providers later in the order are ignored.

Therefore our custom provider should be loaded before `record`, the

> default provider which always returns a value. If the system extension
> :t3ext:`seo` is loaded and setting the :guilabel:`SEO Title` should override
> your complete custom title, you can load your provider after `seo`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
default provider which always returns a value. If the system extension
:t3ext:`seo` is loaded the default :guilabel:`SEO Title` has a particular format,
you can override this by loading your custom provider after `seo`.
```
The expression "should override your complete custom title" makes no sense and is confusing. Why a title should be overridden when it's already a "complete custom title"?
Therefore I changed the wording.

    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Classes/PageTitle/WebsiteTitleProvider.php

As we need to :ref:`inject <DependencyInjection>` the class :php:`SiteFinder`
to retrieve the current site configuration, we must make the new page title
provider public:

..  literalinclude:: _ExampleWebsiteTitle/_Services.yaml
    :language: yaml
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/Services.yaml

Then **flush the cache** in :guilabel:`Admin Tools > Maintenance > Flush TYPO3
and PHP Cache`.

Configure the new page title provider to be used in your TypoScript setup:

..  literalinclude:: _ExampleWebsiteTitle/_setup.typoscript
    :language: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/TypoScript/setup.typoscript

The registered page title providers are called after each other in the
configured order. The first provider that returns a non-empty value is used,
the providers later in the order are ignored.

Therefore our custom provider should be loaded before `record`, the
default provider which always returns a value. If the system extension
:t3ext:`seo` is loaded the default :guilabel:`SEO Title` has a particular format,

> you can override this by loading your custom provider after `seo`.

Reviewer: Hmm, but when I load it **after** seo and seo returns something, than my custom provider is ignored. So it should be **before** - or am I wrong?

    use TYPO3\CMS\Core\PageTitle\AbstractPageTitleProvider;

>     final class MyOwnPageTitleProvider extends AbstractPageTitleProvider

Reviewer: Please use the snippet from _MyOwnPageTitleProvider.php.
Also adjust the namespace to MyVendor\MySitepackage.

Usage example, for example, in an :ref:`Extbase <extbase>` controller:

..  code-block:: php
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/Classes/Controller/SomeController.php

    $titleProvider = GeneralUtility::makeInstance(MyOwnPageTitleProvider::class);
    $titleProvider->setTitle('Title from controller action');

Configure the new page title provider to be used in your TypoScript setup:

..  literalinclude:: ExampleSetInController/_setup.typoscript
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/TypoScript/setup.typoscript

Example: Use website title as prefix after page title
-----------------------------------------------------

> If you want to construct titles by prefixing the page title with the website

Reviewer: I am missing the context: As far as I understand, you add the website title to all pages (except detail pages where a custom title provider is in place). This should be communicated.

Author: I feel like this is what I am communicating? Do you have a suggestion on how to improve?

Reviewer 2: To summarize the comments:
So it has to be clear if the new title is added or is replacing, and where it's added (prefix, postfix, instead).
Furthermore it should be *noted* that it might never concern detail pages.

> If you want to construct titles by prefixing the page title with the website

Reviewer: not prefixed, the website title is in your example after the page title

> Example: Use website title as prefix after page title
> -----------------------------------------------------
> 
> If you want to construct titles by prefixing the page title with the website

Author: ```suggestion
Example: Use website title as postfix after page title
------------------------------------------------------

If you want to construct titles by postfixing the page title with the website
```

> Usage example, for example, in an :ref:`Extbase <extbase>` controller:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage example in an :ref:`Extbase <extbase>` controller:
```

The second "example" in the sentence is superfluous.

..  code-block:: php
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/Classes/Controller/SomeController.php

>     $titleProvider = GeneralUtility::makeInstance(MyOwnPageTitleProvider::class);

Reviewer: Please use constructor injection instead of GU:mI as best practise.
Also move this snippet into a separate file.

    $titleProvider->setTitle('Title from controller action');

> Configure the new page title provider to be used in your TypoScript setup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the new page title provider in your TypoScript setup:
```

..  literalinclude:: _ExampleSetInController/_setup.typoscript
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/TypoScript/setup.typoscript

Example: Use website title from the site configuration
------------------------------------------------------

If you want to use data from the :ref:`site configuration <sitehandling>`, for
example the site title, you can implement a page title provider as follows:

..  literalinclude:: _ExampleWebsiteTitle/_WebsiteTitleProvider.php
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Classes/PageTitle/WebsiteTitleProvider.php

As we need to :ref:`inject <DependencyInjection>` the class :php:`SiteFinder`
to retrieve the current site configuration, we must make the new page title
provider public:

..  literalinclude:: _ExampleWebsiteTitle/_Services.yaml

>     :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/Services.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :language: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/Services.yaml
```
As PHP is set as the default language the highlighting is wrong.

Author: We should use yaml then, not typoscript

Reviewer: You are right. I adjusted it.

> ..  literalinclude:: _ExampleWebsiteTitle/_Services.yaml
>     :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/Services.yaml

Author: ```suggestion
..  literalinclude:: _ExampleWebsiteTitle/_Services.yaml
    :language: yaml
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/Services.yaml
```

Then **flush the cache** in :guilabel:`Admin Tools > Maintenance > Flush TYPO3
and PHP Cache`.

Configure the new page title provider to be used in your TypoScript setup:

..  literalinclude:: _ExampleWebsiteTitle/_setup.typoscript

>     :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/TypoScript/setup.typoscript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :language: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/TypoScript/setup.typoscript
```

Also: When using my_sitepackage as extension key, the namespace of the PHP classes should also be adjusted to MyVendor\MySitepackage.

The registered page title providers are called after each other in the

> order configured. The first provider that returns a non-empty value is used,

Author: ```suggestion
configured order. The first provider that returns a non-empty value is used,
```

> configured order. The first provider that returns a non-empty value is used,

Author: ```suggestion
configured order.  The first provider that returns a non-empty value is used,
```

the providers later in the order are ignored.

Therefore our custom provider should be loaded before `record`, the

> default provider which always returns a value. If the system extension
> :t3ext:`seo` is loaded and setting the :guilabel:`SEO Title` should override
> your complete custom title, you can load your provider after `seo`.

Author: ```suggestion
default provider which always returns a value. If the system extension
:t3ext:`seo` is loaded and setting the :guilabel:`SEO Title` should override
your complete custom title, you can load your provider after `seo`.
```
